---
link: https://asahisuperdry.com
logo: /img/projects/asahi_logo.png
screenshot: /img/projects/asahi_screenshot.png
title: Asahi
description: Lead backend developer on this global marketing platform since 2018, built with Python and Wagtail. Developed custom age verification system ensuring regulatory compliance across 8+ international markets, advanced competition mechanics processing tens of thousands of entries. Created flexible i18n system enabling localised content whilst maintaining brand consistency.
---

I've been working on the Asahi Super Dry website since February 2018 as the sole backend
developer, collaborating with a frontend developer and project manager. Built using
Python and Wagtail, this marketing and blog platform serves local teams across the
world, including the US, UK, Ireland, Italy, Canada, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and many other
markets.

## Global Compliance and Age Verification

One of the most challenging aspects of this project has been navigating the complex
regulatory landscape across different countries. Each location has varying age
restrictions and content rules for alcohol-related websites. To address this, we built a
custom security "age gate" system that asks users where they're from and when they were
born. This sophisticated system even handles granular requirements, such as Canada where
each province might have different rules. The site defaults to English, but each local
team can translate and customise their pages to suit their local market requirements.

## Content Management Platform

We've developed a comprehensive CMS platform that balances brand consistency with
editorial flexibility. Given Asahi's strict brand guidelines, we leverage Wagtail's
systems to enforce the look and feel whilst giving content editors the freedom to write
what they need. The platform includes a wide variety of branded widgets that editors can
use to build engaging pages and blog posts, including embedded videos, rich text
sections, nutritional information tables, and collapsing FAQ sections.

## Product Finder Integration

Several of the local sites feature an embedded "product finder" map that helps users
locate Asahi products in their area. These maps are powered by SleepyMap, a project I
built from scratch, and they serve thousands of users each month across the various
regional sites.

## Advanced Competition System

A major component of the platform is our sophisticated competition form builder, which
extends Wagtail's standard form capabilities. This system allows content editors to
quickly build competition mechanics and collect entries with advanced features including
instant win mechanics, detection of repeat entries within dynamic time windows, and
tiered prize allocations. The flexibility of this system has enabled us to create
diverse competition formats that regularly attract tens of thousands of entries when
they run.

## Technical Infrastructure

The flexible translation system (internationalisation, i18n) I built ensures that each
regional team can effectively localise their content whilst maintaining the core brand
experience. This technical foundation supports the global nature of the platform and
enables consistent deployment across all markets.
